hello so today I'm going to show you my
most used beauty products from 2013 so
the things that I really use the most
these things are the staples of my
makeup collection from last year also in
case you didn't know I do not have a
functioning laptop right now which means
I can't edit videos from my real camera
so this is being filmed on my iPhone and
everything has to be filmed on my iphone
now from now on until I fixed my
computer anyway and it makes filming a
bit more difficult so I'm sorry if it
looks different or weird I'm sorry about
my messy room Marla was sleeping on my
bed so I didn't want to disturb him and
make the bed but of course now he's not
there anymore anyway alright let's get
started okay I have to try to get
through these things quickly so first of
all hands-down favorite liquid
foundation is the covergirl outlast stay
fabulous three and one foundation so i
used this almost the entire year maybe
besides like three months at first three
months of the year i didn't use it i
didn't have it but after I got it it was
the only thing I wanted to use if I was
going to wear liquid foundation it
covers beautifully I think on the skin
it blends really well and it stays a
long time so I just think that it's
really good and I would definitely
recommend this for a drugstore
foundation i also have a powder
foundation this is the Neutrogena
mineral shears loose powder foundation
and i use this not only last year but
the year before that 2012 is when i
discovered it so it's been a favorite
for a very long time i think that it
covers nicely on the skin if you need
light coverage but it also feels really
light and it looks natural so i always
go back to this and I will continue to
use it for my most used face powder it
is the maybelline dream matte powder
this is something I use all the time
it's great to set foundation or just
concealer if that's what you want to use
it really will keep your skin Matt but
it also doesn't look heavy on the skin I
think it still looks pretty natural so I
will also continue to always go back to
that one so I have another concealer and
this is
another one of those things I've been
using since 2012 so it's a constant
favorite and I'll always go back to it
it's the Maybelline instant age rewind
dark circle eraser and it works great on
dark circles but I also use it all over
my face it's like my quickest like when
I need to just quickly conceal my face I
use this all over and then do the rest
and that's all I need so I think that it
really covers well it stays well when
you set it with powder I like the way it
looks and it lasts me a while and and
ivory purchased so many of these because
it just works that well my most used
mascara is another thing that you've
seen in my video is probably for a long
time it's the covergirl LashBlast volume
just the one in the orange tube I can't
go wrong with this I feel like it never
fails me it makes my lashes look good it
keeps the curl it doesn't clump and I
can build it up so for me this is
honestly just kind of like the perfect
drug store concealer so definitely would
recommend this and I've been using this
feels like for a very long time and I
will continue to use it another thing is
this Milani brow tint pin and I just
think that it's a really simple quick
step for brows instead of getting out
you know a brow powder and a brush and
having to do all that it's just right
here I just fill it in really lightly
wherever I need do my brow gel and then
I've done so i've been using this for a
long time all year and i love it and i
will repurchase it for sure which I need
to do because it's almost right out for
my most-used lip product it's just one
thing it's the Revlon just bitten
kissable balm stain so i've been using
these also another one of those things
since 2012 they've just been my favorite
i can always go to it i love i think
they feel good on the lips i think that
it stays well and i also like the stain
that it leaves so these are just so
great and i'll show you the four colors
that I use the most I have three
different variations of red I have like
a this one's more like a Moroni red or
like orangie red you could say this is
in a door then I have more of a classic
red which is in romantic
and then this one's more of like a plum
red and it's crush and then for a
neutral natural color I have honey so
these are my four favorites of these
colors I reach for them all the time and
I would definitely recommend this I
recommend all of these things obviously
the things I use all the time okay on to
makeup brushes first of all my absolute
favorite i think is the Sigma f60
foundation brush I use this to blend in
my concealer every single day it's the
quickest thing for me just put concealer
everywhere under my eyes you just Pat it
to blend it it works amazingly I don't
even use this for foundation on Glee
concealer and i love it and that's how i
will continue to use this brush then for
a face for other face brushes i've used
the f ad flat kabuki brush from sigma
for foundation as a lot of people use
recently i've switched to something else
but for most of the year i was using
this and it's just I feel like you can't
go wrong it really blends out your
liquid foundation perfectly and no
complaints is just a great brush then I
also love these face brushes for
contouring it's the small contour fo5
from sigma also i just love the shape of
this and how small and compact it is and
you can just contour really well all
over your face love this and the
opposite of contouring for highlighting
i like the sigma f 35 tapered
highlighting brush it's a little
fluffier than the other one not as dense
and i love the small size because i
think it's perfect for just putting
highlighter right there on the
cheekbones and wherever else other
brushes i've been using for a while i
have the Real Techniques buffing brush
this is great for liquid foundation
powder it's really versatile it's soft
and just works well I can't complain
this is a great brush and then I also
love the elf mineral powder brush I like
to use this with my loose mineral powder
powder foundation and also dis pressed
powder I think it works great and
I would definitely suggest that you try
this out it's really cheap on the Alpha
website and if you're looking for a good
powder brush this is really great
alright so that is it for my most used
beauty products from 2013 I hope I
didn't go too fast through everything
i'm sorry if i did it was too fast for
you or I didn't explain enough if you
have a question just leave a comment and
I'll try to answer it there but filming
on my phone the only real downside
besides setting it up to film is that I
have very limited space on my phone to
film so I have to try to keep things as
short as I can so again I'm sorry if it
felt like I was going too fast or if
this is too short or whatever but anyway
I hope that you enjoyed this video and
found it helpful hopefully I gave you
some good product recommendations
especially since most of these things
are from the drugstore I hope that maybe
it helped you to find something new you
want to try so thank you for watching
and have a great day